== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

==========


jasontruluck [10:05 AM] 
@jpringle: good morning, sorry I did not reply back to your email yet. There
are a few there that I think you would be able to take a stab at if you feel
comfortable doing so.

[10:06] 
most of what you need will be in here:
https://github.com/pma2020/jhu_charting_fork/tree/master/app/views/layouts

[10:06] 
for the headers/footers and general layout

[10:07] 
most of the other things you could find here:
https://github.com/pma2020/jhu_charting_fork/blob/master/app/views/datasets/show.html.erb

[10:07] 
for the embed button and title

[10:08] 
This is where the blank chart is drawn:
https://github.com/pma2020/jhu_charting_fork/blob/master/app/views/datasets/_chart.html.erb#L30

[10:08] 
it is really just an icon loaded into a div tag so anything could be put there
really

[10:09] 
the subtitle is set here:
https://github.com/pma2020/jhu_charting_fork/blob/master/app/assets/javascripts/chart_helper.js#L676

[10:10] 
for this question: 6. How could we add a text description underneath the
charting tool? We want to say something like "PMA2020 uses innovative mobile
technology to support...". I think we could make a <p/> section and just add
the text in if we knew where to do it.

[10:10] 
it just depends on whether you want it to just be there while using the website
or also when it is exported/printed?

[10:11] 
and the favicon is set here:
https://github.com/pma2020/jhu_charting_fork/blob/master/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb#L8

if that is the case you could just add the p tag containing whatever you would
want under this section:
https://github.com/pma2020/jhu_charting_fork/blob/master/app/views/datasets/_chart.html.erb#L26

[10:12] 
tag

[10:12] 
That is what the chart is “rendered” into



====================

ruby does come installed on mac (2.0.0) I believe. This is not the version we
are using but should be compatible enough to get up and running. You will also
need postgresql installed to be able to use the database

[10:31] 
but once you have those two thing you should be able to clone the repository
then run `bundle install` which will install all dependencies for the project

[10:31] 
then run `rake db:create`

[10:31] 
then  `rake db:migrate`

[10:31] 
which will setup the postgresql database

[10:32] 
then once everything is setup you can run `rails s`

[10:32] 
which will bring up the development server on `localhost:3000`


